hello today i will show you the system
glaze
which can be used for both
proper for irrigation itself and how
sprayer system is simple here three
The main component is a water tank
the capacity of this case is on us the barrel itself
the pump that makes the pressure creates and
reverse here's a hose with a tap using
which can regulate pressure in
the case when we need watering and need
slight pressure that is in reverse
hose goes mainstream
either when we use as
sprayer then we need more
pressures here we look with you on
hose which gives us mobility then
there we are already not well so not
highly dependent on the barrel with a pump then
you can refill this barrel once
whether with water or for spraying
solution and calmly do not work
distracted by the fact that you need to drag
pull but actually the outlet to
the pump worked need not yes in every place
there is a power outlet in the garden yes
use as a sprayer now
which we show that pressure
check valve closes and here
here at the end of this hose is long lasting
tube with a nozzle and open this clan
croc wounds and use as
sprayer but now we just
Pour and then show already grown
cabbage how is it going
actually spraying itself in parallel
I can tell that here we are not just
already treat water the cabbage do
disease prevention process
solution
Zelenka ordinary bought the most ordinary
a pharmacy in concentration somewhere around 40
50 cable on a bucket of water with this
the solution we process that is
innovative can by no means method themselves
came to him by reading the article forums that
prevention here in the initial stage
here the disease is not given rise well
we from two angles looked first with
one now on the other side
there is not to reach far and you can
it was calm and most importantly evenly
process this solution from but passed
Cal is now shown that from far away how
would she be sprayed there as far as
therefore it is impossible to assess qualitatively
we go in two ways that us
allows you to make a long hose that is
mobility we save and process
fully so that the pests on me were
scary
Thanks for watching if you liked
put likes subscribe to the channel
what is recommendations slime
wishes I will be glad to listen to everyone
thank you all bye